Miki
Error
“Life's too short to let one little mistake get you down!”

Good Night
“Good night. I'll cast a little spell on you so you dream of me...” (kiss)

Empty Recycle Bin
“One man's trash is another man's treasure, you know!”

Alarm
“Looks like time's up... but I'm going to keep making designs 24/7, just for you.”

New Message 
“Looks like you've got a message... but words can't describe the love I have for you.”

Good Morning 
“Good morning, my beautiful muse! Did you have a comfortable night's sleep wearing that negligee I made for you?”

Power On 
“Glad to see you, my sweet muse! What clothes shall I dress you in today?”

Phone Call 
“You got a phone call. N-Not from me, though! I wouldn't want to bother you!”

Power Off 
“You're leaving already? Okay... I'll be here, sketching new designs until you get back.”

Saito
Error 
“Fuckin' bugs in the system!“

Good Night 
“Fine, I guess I'll let you rest. In exchange... don't you go forgetting about me, not even in your dreams!” (kiss) 

Empty Recycle Bin 
“Don't worry! I won't toss you out... as long as you beg me not to, anyway.”

Alarm 
“Time's up! Keep me waiting and you're not gonna like what happens, got it?!”

New Message 
“You got a message? That reminds me, I still need to send you tomorrow's training schedule...“

Good Morning 
“GET YOUR ASS UP! Throw a tantrum all you like, but it won't turn back time!“

Power On 
“Hey! Glad you're here. I'm gonna make you work up a sweat today.”
Phone Call 
“FUCKIN' ANSWER IT ALREADY! Otherwise you'll be answering the doorbell next!”

Power Off 
“Running away won't save you, got that? I'll chase you to the depths of hell itself!”

Ema
Error 
“Agggh, now we've done it... It's all over...”

Good Night 
“Good night. Bedtime's the most exciting part of the day, don't you think?”

Empty Recycle Bin 
“Good idea. Life's just easier without all the clutter.”

Alarm 
“Time's up. And yet... my boredom continues.”

New Message 
“You've got a new message. Probably just spam, though...”

Good Morning 
“Oh, good morning. Don't bother forcing yourself to get up, though. There's no point.”

Power On 
“Good morning. Let's try to survive today without using up too much energy...”

Phone Call 
“You've got a phone call. Probably just a telemarketer, though...”

Power Off 
“If you're going to push the power button on your life, just make sure I'm not around, please...”

